c:/users/tr3s/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/bin/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.deps.json
c:/users/tr3s/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/bin/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:/users/tr3s/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/bin/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:/users/tr3s/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/bin/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.dll
c:/users/tr3s/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/bin/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.pdb
c:/users/tr3s/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/obj/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:/users/tr3s/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/obj/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/UserSecretsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:/users/tr3s/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/obj/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/users/tr3s/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/obj/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.dll
c:/users/tr3s/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/obj/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.pdb
/Users/dinispeixoto/Desktop/LI4/Parte III/LI4/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/bin/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.deps.json
/Users/dinispeixoto/Desktop/LI4/Parte III/LI4/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/bin/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.runtimeconfig.json
/Users/dinispeixoto/Desktop/LI4/Parte III/LI4/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/bin/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.runtimeconfig.dev.json
/Users/dinispeixoto/Desktop/LI4/Parte III/LI4/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/bin/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.dll
/Users/dinispeixoto/Desktop/LI4/Parte III/LI4/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/bin/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.pdb
/Users/dinispeixoto/Desktop/LI4/Parte III/LI4/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/obj/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/dinispeixoto/Desktop/LI4/Parte III/LI4/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/obj/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/dinispeixoto/Desktop/LI4/Parte III/LI4/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/obj/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/UserSecretsAssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/dinispeixoto/Desktop/LI4/Parte III/LI4/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/obj/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/dinispeixoto/Desktop/LI4/Parte III/LI4/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/obj/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.dll
/Users/dinispeixoto/Desktop/LI4/Parte III/LI4/WhatsYummyApp/WhatsYummyApp/obj/Debug/netcoreapp1.1/WhatsYummyApp.pdb
